---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Fashion and life are coupled as they always go hand in hand. And today we are rejoicing their relationship by proudly speaking out who we are, what we think of life and how we see it. We have no choice but to fall for and trust that it is essential for our living.

Tossing over to the point, Fashion itself uncovers a new life every time a season begins. Yes, With every brand new season, crawls in a newfangled fashion. It actually doesn’t go any further, although, we witness different vogue every now and then. Let’s say it’s all about the cycles and recycles! From the very vintage 50s Poodle skirt age to the 70s peasant blouse decade to the Golden age of Hip-Hop, fashion has gone through a good lot of ups and downs over the years. Today, the old memorable pieces have made a comeback in the name of latest trends. These trends while away in no time and yet, there are mad lovers out there for them. Moreover, Fashion conveys a smarter message today with having given much attention to the diverse society which in turn results in a crazy figure of fashion trends. This is the exact picture of Fashion Today.

Hello Everyone! I am Dhatri Rao and I welcome you all to my space where I’d love to take you all through the various tastes of my endless Fashion Journey. Speaking of journey, mine started when I was two when I would wrap myself in my mum’s sari in the name of draping. Little did I know the existence of the word fashion back then, but now I must say it’s the best therapy that I could have ever asked for. I am more of a mix and mash person where I just can’t go with the trend completely nor can I hinge on to the rules of fashion. I must say I totally enjoy my style of breathing mixed air! If at all there is any place where you can express yourself to the fullest, it is undoubtedly the fashion sphere, the most democratic of all. So let’s showcase every bit that we love and know without having to fear.

This Blog is going to be a journey for you and me where we will be moving through different touches of fashion. From pulling off retro vibes right, to drawing inspirations from the streets, to bringing the rustic flavours of the world with the fast moving, to travelling in style, to putting the authentic Indian spices to life, to discovering a whole new color show, to creating an effortless look in a blackest mystery piece, to making elegance look easy in custom made, this Blog will give you an insight into how the people in the 21st century relate to fashion and my ideas pondering the fashion circuit.